Just like in a normal English to web app you can of course also validate forms in an ironic to app you
can of course use the very same validation logic and concept you're used from your English to Wepa.
So here's the challenge for you.
Try implementing a very basic validation you're on your own.
Try ensuring that both input fields here have to be non-empty So they are both required and that you
disable the item button if at least one of the two fields is actually MTSO is not valid.
Also you use my approach of doing this in a couple of seconds so now's your chance to pause the video
where you're successful.
Let's now implement this together and let's make sure that we actually ensure these fields to not be
empty because right now I can submit the form even if nothing is entered in the amount field.
Keep in mind this placeholder is not the actual value.
It's just an example.
It's not actually filled into the input field.
So to add this validation I go will all go back to the template here and I'll add a number attribute
are here to my ion input the required attribute.
This is the normal age of 5 required validation attribute which tells HVM L and therefore angle or that
that I need this input field to be non empty that there has to be some value and I'll also do the same
for the amount input here.
With this angle you will start at Stiefel validation logic and place the energy invalid and so on classes
on there's input if it is invalid and it also stores the validity of the.
And the overall form I can use this on the button to add property binding here and bind the disabled
property.
And I want to disable the button of the form is not valid so I can simply check if not form valid for
invalid is true if the form is valid.
So if this is not the case I want to disable the button which I am doing here.
Well I'm with this time change in place if I go back and let the app reload you'll see the button is
now disabled.
It is still disabled if I enter something here.
But if I enter something here too.
And now both fields are populated.
I can again submit the form.
So now we get validation in place again just like it works in a normal English to EP.
But now in our ironic to app